---
layout: default
title: Newsletter
---

Prepare for trouble and make it double.

What you see on my shoulder is Pupuce(*). It's the mascot of LINCS, my
laboratory back in Paris, France. My laboratory is a mix of improbable
meetings between talented people coming from both academia and industry. It's
a place where research topics about information and computer networks are shared
and debated. A place where stimulating ideas are legions and learning a daily
activity(**).

My PhD is in computer networking. I'm designing, building and measuring
tactics to save energy of little devices that connect to the Internet but are
battery constrained and less powerful than regular computers. For more
information, check out sieben.fr/phd.

I love computer networking and computer science in general. I strongly believe
that it is one of the most egalitarian science. All you need is a computer and
an Internet connection to get started learning and doing. I value openness of
science, engineering and knowledge. I'm a great admirer of the processes by
which the Internet or open source software is developed and improved every
day.

When I'm not busy writing/running/debugging code or writing articles, I enjoy
reading/sharing/debating books with people that might find them interesting.
My others hobbies include spending time with my friends and beloved,
photography, reading articles on the Internet, watching and talking about a
lot of shows, being politically incorrect, trying out new food, inform people
around me of the effect of the former on my organism and many others things.

I hope we will share intense and stimulating human/scientific/funny moments
during the Summer school. I've been a student there back in 2007, it was an
amazing experience and I hope to contribute actively to make the 2015 even
more so.

Live long and prosper

RÃ©my

(*) Pupuce is a platypus, an animal that proves that if god exists, it got a
weird sense of humor.  My doctoral life is an alike proof as I'm in my final
year of PhD and my PhD advisers drops faster than Starks in a Game of Thrones
episode.

(**) We also play funny board game that teach you about information theory and
voting systems.